>> Scott Moss: So you're gonna a define
a mutation type in your schema.
You're gonna add some fields
on your mutation type.
You're gonna create input types for
your mutation field arguments.
And you're gonna create resolvers for
your mutation fields.
So the mutation stuff that
you're going to be creating,
if you head over to the schema,
we need to be able to create a pet.
So you're gonna make a mutation
that allows us to create a new pet.
It should take in all the necessary
input that a pet needs.
In this case, a pet just needs,
don't worry about ID.
ID is generated for you.
So you don't have to ask for an ID.
That's generated.
You did need to take in the.
And you don't worry about createdAt,
that should also eventually
get generated for you.
But you do need a name,
a type, that's basically it.
Don't worry about image either.
All that's just there for you.
Just a name and a type.
>> Scott Moss: So
that's what the pet's gonna need.
All this other stuff should
get generated for you.
You shouldn't have to generate the ID or
the createdAt or any of that stuff.
You should be good to go.
And what you're going to want to use
if you go look at the pet model,
this should be a create function here.
And you can see this is where
it creates the ID for you.
It creates the createdAt now for you.
And then this is the pet
that you will pass it.
So it does, like I said,
all the stuff gets generated for you.
So your input doesn't need these fields.
But your input is gonna need
the other required fields.
I guess you can make an image
not required, in this case.
Name and type, so
you don't need a name and type here.
So mutation.
Make a mutation for creating a pet,
make an input to handle the arguments for
that mutation.
And then you need to write a resolver
inside your resolvers file
that actually handles the mutation for
creating that pet.
And if everything goes right, when you
create it, you will actually be able to go
into the database, this JSON file,
and you'll see it pop up here.
When you do see that, write a query inside
of graphical playground to query for
that pet using either pets or
pet and see if you can get it back.
You should be able to get it back.
And that's basically a whole
cycle of mutations and queries.